[4.4] docs: improve description for Factories BC (#7840)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.4.0.rst

      - returns ``Myth\Auth\Models\UserModel`` even if ``preferApp`` is true (default)
      - returns ``App\Models\UserModel`` if you define ``Factories::define('models', 'Myth\Auth\Models\UserModel', 'App\Models\UserModel')`` before calling the ``model()``

If you had passed a non-existent classname by mistake, the previous version
would have returned a class instance in the ``App`` or ``Config`` namespace
because of the ``preferApp`` feature.

> For example, in a controller (``namespace App\Controllers``), if you call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a controller (``namespace App\Controllers``), if you called
```

> ``config(Config\App::class)`` by mistake (note that you forgot the leading ``\``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``config(Config\App::class)`` by mistake (note the class is missing the leading ``\``),
```

> in ``Config\App::class``), that means you pass ``App\Controllers\Config\App``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meaning you actually passed ``App\Controllers\Config\App``.
```

> But the class does not exist, so now Factories return ``null``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But that class does not exist, so now Factories will return ``null``.
```
